[Laughter]
Just a few minutes to go!
This is the perfect way
to start the new year!
Yeah! Much better than
celebrating at midnight!
Celebrating the first
sunrise of the new year.
Great idea, Mr. Tanaka!
Thank you.
Get ready, guys!
As soon as the sun comes up,
we use our noise-makers!
Huh?
[Laughing]
Yeah, haha!
Hold on, Chris!
I think we should just
wave to the sun instead,
because if we make too much noise,
we might scare the sun away!
Chao!
The sun isn't gonna get
scared away, Cream.
Don't you worry one bit, dear!
The sun will be happy to
get such a nice welcome!
Okay, then.
I'll take one!
Sonic needs one, too!
Huh?
Try that way!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
I'm about to catch the first
rays of the new year, Rouge.
Yuck. When I go on vacation,
I'll pick somewhere nice.
Like a dark cave.
That doesn't sound
very appealing to me!
I'm a bat.
For me, a cave's the perfect
place to hang out and chill.
Well, hanging out in a hole
is just plain depressing.
Now I see why your
social life's so dull.
Hmph.
Okay! Let's get ready!
We will pull the
strings altogether.
I will give you a signal as soon
as the sun comes over the horizon.
A few seconds more!
The sky is getting
lighter... lighter!
[All gasping]
It's almost here!
Get ready...
Go!
[Cheering and Celebration]
Ah!
Huh?
No way!
What's that?
Woah!
What's going on?
[Grunt]
That doesn't look like the sun...
Chao chao chao chao!
Woah!
It looks like a solar eclipse!
[All gasp]
Something's wrong!
There isn't supposed
to be an eclipse!
That's the Egg Moon, sir!
Contact the president immediately!
Right!
It's the Egg Moon?
Yes, sir.
Dr. Eggman changed its orbit.
He's created an artifical eclipse.
I want to speak to that
lunatic immediately!
Huh?
Have no fear, Eggman's here!
How did you pass security?
I pretended I was a bar of soap,
and gave them all the slip.
This is a Code Red alert!
Freeze!
Now hold on!
I came here peacefully!
Wait, men.
Let's hear what he has to say.
[Gasping]
Mr. President, please, believe me!
I didn't move the
Egg Moon on purpose.
You mean you moved it accidentally.
A solar storm affected the
Egg Moon's control system.
The Egg Moon went into
a new orbit by mistake!
I give you my solemn word that
this eclipse wasn't caused by me!
I don't believe you.
Please, sir. I beg
you to believe me!
For I have a plan to make
the sunshine return!
Well, we do need light desperately.
And I'm the man to deliver it, sir!
If I don't, lock me away!
What should we do, sir?
[Sheepish chuckle]
All right. I'll give
you one chance.
Heh!
You won't regret
this, Mr. President.
My sunshine plan will
leave you beaming!
[Cameras flash, crowds clap]
[Chuckling]
[Crowd applauding]
Ugh. My vacation's been
totally ruined now.
It's a good thing you're a hothead.
You don't need the
sun to keep you warm.
Hmph.
What could be better for a bat than
a planet that's dark everyday?
This'll do wonders
for my nightlife.
Girlfriend, I'm flying high!
[Crying]
Chao chao!
I told you we shouldn't
make all that noise!
The sun did get scared,
and now it's hiding!
Chao chao chao chao!
Please don't cry, Cream, dear.
I'm sure the sun
will come back soon!
This eclipse surely
won't last for long.
Hm...
We want some answers!
How long will it take you to
correct the Egg Moon's orbit
and end the eclipse?
I have bad news for you.
The damage to the Egg Moon
will be difficult to repair.
For the moment, it will be
impossible to move the Egg Moon.
Are you telling us this eclipse
will continue indefinitely?
I'm sure I'll come up with
a solution eventually.
But I'm afraid it's
going to take time.
I'll have to write new
software and run tests.
Were I to act in haste,
the consequences could
be catastrophic.
But without sunshine,
the planet will freeze!
I won't let it freeze!
I can provide you with
plenty of heat, and light,
because I've invented an
artificial form of sunshine!
Artificial sunshine?
Just you wait and see.
This is my brightest idea ever.
[Chuckling]
All systems are go.
Roger!
We're all set for launch.
Prepare for countdown.
Hold it! You can't start yet!
This'd better be important, Bokkun.
I've got a message for ya!
Dr. Eggman has something
personal to say!
I have faith in you two.
Thank you!
Why would he have faith in you two?
You mess up every time!
But mess up this time,
and I'll dismantle both
of you with my bare hands,
and sell you piece by
piece on the Internet!
He certainly has a unique
management style.
Yes. If his workers
fail, he destroys them.
Do you really think
he'd get rid of us?
Only if he felt like it.
We will not fail!
Is there actually a possibility?
Attention, launch crew!
Proceed with countdown!
Liftoff!
The system's power storage is
now at 10% of full capacity,
and rising steadily!
For several days now,
the endless eclipse has blocked all
sunlight from reaching our planet.
But thanks to the
work of Dr. Eggman,
our world will soon be bathed
in a new form of light.
And now, a brief message
from our sponsor.
♪ Singing ♪ Are you feeling
sad because it's always night?
♪ Singing ♪ Eggman TV Shopping
helps you see the light!
Living in the dark is
not only depressing,
and a public safety hazard,
but it's bad for your lawn, too!
The solution?
Ta-dah!
It's the Sunshine Ball!
Thanks to my new invention,
even the dingiest darkness
can now be filled with
luscious luminosity!
Huh!
If you call within
the next 20 minutes,
you can take advantage
of our special offer!
New customers are eligible
for free delivery,
and installation is half price.
I wish I could offer
installation for free, also,
but the robot union won't let me.
Sorry about that.
Hey! We robots have to
pay for oil, you know?
Call to order your
Sunshine Ball today!
Our operators are standing by.
[Crowds clamoring]
[Phones ringing]
Send us the Sunshine Ball!
You'd better call soon!
The Sunshine Ball is selling out!
What do we do?
Well, I miss the sun.
I hung out the laundry days ago,
and it still isn't dry.
A Sunshine Ball
would sure be handy.
I agree.
We should call for one right away.
Hm.
Hey, Sonic.
Sonic isn't sure
this is a good idea.
I don't think he trusts
Dr. Eggman very much.
If we don't trust Eggman,
we may have to live
in the dark forever.
Maybe so.
But how do we know Eggman's
telling us the truth?
He sounds like he's sincere to me.
Why else would he
make Sunshine Balls?
I guess you're right.
[Phone ringing] [Commotion]
A Sunshine Ball, did you say?
Yes, ma'am. We can send the
installation to you right over.
Yes, sir. Your Sunshine Ball will
be delivered to you right away.
[Phones ringing] Tired of the dark?
Then let the Sunshine
Ball light up your day!
Steady now.
It is wobbly.
We have to attach it to the base.
Roger.
Turn it clockwise.
Keep going.
A few more turns and
we will be done.
This certainly is hard work.
We should ask for a raise.
Your Sunshine Ball is all set.
We are ready to test it out now.
Wow!
It feels so warm!
And best of all, the light is
almost as bright as real sunshine!
[All giggling]
It seems like Eggman is
trying to help everybody.
But can he really be trusted?
I guess we don't have a choice.
Everybody should have
a Sunshine Ball!
Thank you!
Sounds like another
glowing recommendation!
[Both laughing]
You know, it feels
wonderful to help others.
My circuits are flowing with
positively charged energy.
We should do this all the time!
[Commotion]
I represent people on the
west side of the city.
Why don't we have
Sunshine Balls yet?
It'll take time to
light the whole city.
You expect us to live
in the dark forever?
We demand our Sunshine Balls now!
[Angry commotion]
Let's discuss this calmly.
If we don't get Sunshine
Balls in the next 24 hours,
we'll march to the east
side and take them!
[Chaos]
Mr. Speaker, my constituents demand
their Sunshine Balls immediately!
Now hold on.
The big cities have to be taken
care of before any rural area.
Quiet, please!
Hold on, everybody.
[Phones ringing]
Hello! Please hold!
Yes? One moment!
We're a little backed up right now.
We'll get there as soon as we can!
Thanks for calling!
Hey! Dr. Eggman!
Consumer demand is
greater than I expected.
We'll need another mirror tower to
produce more artificial sunshine.
Maybe the president
could help us out.
Hm...
Yes? This is the
president speaking.
It's Dr. Eggman calling,
Mr. President.
Can the government
give me some free land
to build another mirror tower?
With all the demand
for Sunshine Balls,
our business is blazing!
Of course, Doctor.
Whatever you need.
All I can say is,
"Hail to the Chief!"
[Laughing]
[Commotion]
I couldn't have taken much more!
[Sigh of relief]
We don't have to live
in the dark anymore!
It's not as bright
as real sunlight...
But it sure beats not being able
to see when you go outside!
[Chaos]
You don't say?
A major crisis has been averted
thanks to you, Doctor.
You're truly a hero!
A hero? You mean just like Sonic?
That's right.
Oh?
I've never been a hero before.
Having a squeaky clean image
could really help me get
a lot of dirty work done.
You may have everybody
else fooled, Eggman,
but not me.
You say you built these
towers to make sunshine,
but you're keeping everybody in
the dark about your real plan!
But I know what you're up to!
Mm.
Don't forget to water them.
Uh-
Huh?
[Gasp]
Our Sunshine Ball went out.
What do we do now?
What's wrong?
[Dejected sigh]
[Sigh]
Without those Sunshine Balls,
we're all washed up.
I'm coming to you live from Eggman's
emergency press conference.
The doctor has prepared a
statement on the blackout.
Today, a mirror tower collapsed,
which overloaded the power grid
and caused the system to shut down.
We are doing everything we can
to repair the damage quickly,
and we hope to turn the lights
back on in a few more hours.
Do you know why the
mirror tower collapsed?
We're investigating now.
Sonic...
What did you say?
Oh. It was nothing.
Nothing much.
He'd never do something like that.
Would he?
I don't believe it.
Are you sure this isn't a mistake?
We're positive, sir.
I'll zoom in for a close-up.
It is Sonic!
How could he?
Sonic can be wild sometimes,
but committing sabotage
isn't in his character.
But Sonic can't stand Dr. Eggman.
I'd bet my wings
he knocked down that mirror
tower out of jealousy.
What are you talking about?
We have all the proof that
we need, right on that video.
Eggman is trying to help us,
but Sonic still thinks
of him as the enemy.
He resents that we're
working with Eggman.
That's ridiculous!
You're suggesting Sonic
caused a worldwide blackout
because Eggman's on our side now?
Who knows?
We should release
the tape now, sir.
The public must be informed
that Sonic is a danger!
[Groan]
[Phone rings]
Hello? This is the
president's office.
Oh!
Sir, we have an emergency!
We just lost another mirror tower!
We have to do something!
Do you want me to
inform the media, sir?
Yes. Give them the tape.
There's been a late breaking
development in the mirror tower case.
A videotape just released
by the government
shows the towers being destroyed
by Sonic the Hedgehog!
What? No way!
Sonic doesn't do things like that!
It has to be a mistake!
Yeah, I betcha that video's a fake.
An unruly mob is gathering
outside the mansion.
Wonderful.
We want Sonic!
We want Sonic! We want Sonic!
What'll we do?
It sounds like they're
really angry with Sonic.
What made Sonic do
something so crazy?
Sonic got pretty upset
when he saw Eggman on TV.
So you think he did it just because
he didn't want Dr.
Eggman to be a hero?
That's an awful thing to say!
But what other explanation
could there be?
I'm sure he had a good reason.
Then why didn't he tell anybody?
They're breaking through!
[Commotion]
Don't worry! Nobody's
gonna get past me!
Come back!
You're only going to
make the situation worse
if they see you're attacking!
What else can we do?
Let me try to resolve
this peacefully!
Grandpa!
[Yelling]
[Angry mob]
Woah!
Can't we talk about this?
Leave them alone,
or you will face me!
Woah!
[Angry commotion continues]
Calm down, everybody!
Sonic is charging the tower!
What are we supposed to do?
Pull him over for speeding?
Do whatever it takes to stop him.
But how?
Sonic is too fast for us!
- Aah!
Uh... my kids all look up to Sonic.
How in the world am I
gonna explain to them
that he's become a bad guy now?
Sonic's finally showing
his true colors.
Doctor? Now that you're the hero,
it's time to make a change.
[Sinister chuckle]
Ta-dah!
I love it!
Join us next time on Eggman X
when the universe's
greatest super-genius
finally puts the brakes on
that spineless speedster,
Sonic the Scuzzbag.
Ooh hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo!